Corrected MobileExternalBrowser config setting docs (#7874)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/site-configuration-settings.rst

  :systemconsole: N/A
  :configjson: NativeAppSettings.MobileExternalBrowser
  :environment: MM_NATIVEAPPSETTINGS_MOBILEEXTERNALBROWSER

>   :description: Configure the mobile app to use the default mobile browser to perform SSO authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Configure the mobile app to use the default mobile browser to perform SSO authentication. It should be enabled when there are issues with the mobile app SSO redirect flow.
```

>   :description: Configure the mobile app to use the default mobile browser to perform SSO authentication. It should be enabled when there are issues with the mobile app SSO redirect flow.

Author: ```suggestion
  :description: Configure the mobile app to use the default mobile browser to perform SSO authentication. It should be enabled when there are issues with the mobile app SSO redirect flow. Disabled by default.
```

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| From Mattermost v10.2 and Mobile v2.2.1, this setting configures the mobile app       | - System Config path: N/A                                                   |

> | to use the default mobile browser to perform SSO authentication.                      | - ``config.json`` setting: ``NativeAppSettings.MobileExternalBrowser``      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to use an external mobile browser to perform SSO authentication.                      | - ``config.json`` setting: ``NativeAppSettings.MobileExternalBrowser``      |
```
